#1187 / 1188 - Rui Serra (Tendaji) - 3+ /4+ exp BGV  Shubham pending.

Job Description
Skills & Qualifications

Demonstrated ability to design and deliver fault tolerant, scalable, cloud based infrastructure on Azure.
Experience in Microsoft Migrations to Cloud methodologies and approaches
Expert knowledge of Office 365, and large scale Windows environments
Understanding of Unix, Linux, environements
Understanding of Database (SQL) and Microsoft application stacks (Dyanmics, Office, etc)
Web Server and SQL administration experience (IIS preferred).
Certifications as well as 3 years hands on experience in Microsoft Azure cloud services design, migration, deployment, management, security and audit as well
Maintaining applications running in on premise data centers and cloud environments
Strong scripting experience (preferably Powershell, basj, etc, but other scripting languages also considered).
Understanding of TCP/IP, DNS, routing, load-balancing, SMTP, VPN, Firewalls, IPS devices
Demonstrated knowledge of implementing Identity and access management systems, in particular Active Directory, group policies, single sign on and multifactor authentication.
Role & Responsibilities

Work with Azure architects and Microsoft consultants to design migration plans for lift and shift of on premise client environments to Azure Cloud
Support in the migration planning and contribute experience in the preparation of plans
Setup Active Directory, Group policy and integration with Azure using AD Connect.
Implement single sign on Identity and access management solution with MFA for employees, partners and customers.
Design and implementation of cloud based infrastructure (VM, storage, etc) and WAN with high performance fault tolerant linkages to on premise systems and customer sites.
Design and implementation of Azure cloud environment for development and production systems including VNET setup, VPN connectivity, Azure backup and site-recovery.
Design and upgrade of infrastructure components to remediate risks, single points of failure migration to the cloud.
Setup of VM’s, Users, storage, Groups, and Security policies
Implementation and management of cloud based services such as event hubs, notification systems, alarm systems etc.
Systems administration, maintenance, and management of Azure cloud company networks and infrastructure
Nice to have experience in Implementation of cybersecurity tools, processes and metrics to protect networks, clients, servers and data on prem and in the cloud.
Understanding of tools such as Veeam, Backup technologies.
Ability to deploy Network Load balancing, Application gateways, and Proxies where applicable
Responsible for management of IT monitoring systems and identify the appropriate resolution in the event of an incident
Investigation and Diagnosis - establish failing component, confirm impact, identify any events that may have been a contributing factor
Working with external stakeholders and outsource service providers on the delivery of infrastructure services and solutions.
Act as a mentor to other team members, i.e. coaching in the delivery of projects, tasks and/or troubleshooting exercises
Produce high-quality documentation to support workarounds and/or resolutions to assist in knowledge transfer and efficiencies
Contribute ideas to help ensure that required standards and processes are in place and actively look for opportunities to enhance and innovate solutions and improve process efficiency.
